Alternate method that supports special chars (e.g. emojis) (#128)
stephanlensky/zendriver: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Adding an alternate method (`Element.send_keys_with_special_chars`) to support sending special characters @nathanfallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an optional `special_characters` flag to `Element.send_keys` to support sending special characters (e.g. emojis) @nathanfallet
```
